Who's most likely to adopt an alligator as a pet?
Who's most likely to marry a professional sport player?
Who's most likely to work in the FBI?
Who's most likely to be investigated by the police?
Who's most likely to get a tattoo?
Who's most likely to ask out someone older than them by 20 years?
Who's most likely to work in an amusement park?
Who's most likely to run for president?
Who's most likely to be the parent of 5 or more kids?
Who's most likely to be a reporter?
Who's most likely to travel to Thailand?
Who's most likely to become a sailor?
Who's most likely to adopt a rescue cat?
Who's most likely to become a Sci-Fi author?
Who's most likely to create their own business?
Who's most likely to travel all the way around the world?
Who's most likely to own a zoo?
Who's most likely to be a waiter for The Soup Nazi?
Who's most likely to write an autobiography?
Who's most likely to be a doctor?
Who's most likely to become a waiter?
Who's most likely to become a teacher? 
Who's most likely to become a phycology professor?
Who's most likely to become a musician?
Who's most likely to become a part of a hard rock band?
Who's most likely to get a PhD in philosophy?
Who's most likely to become the assistant to the assistant?
Who's most likely to compete in an eating contest?
Who's most likely to contend in a reality TV show?
Who's most likely to fly with an expired passport?
Who's most likely to use a fake ID?
Who's most likely to reject an Ivy League scholarship? 
Who's most likely to be the water-boy for the Patriots?
Who's most likely to fly a private jet?
Who's most likely to break the Guinness Word Record of “longest finger-nails”?
Who's most likely to meet The President in person and not recognize him?
Who's most likely to work as a private detective?
Who's most likely to make the Pope laugh?
Who's most likely to be featured on the front cover of a magazine?
Who's most likely to get into a fight at a club? 
Who's most likely to volunteer at a haunted house?
Who's most likely to fake their death?
Who's most likely to create their own escape room?
Who's most likely to work as a customer support helper?
Who's most likely to get fired from their job and then join back? 
Who's most likely to work as a host for “America's Got Talent”?
Who's most likely compete on “America Ninja Warrior”?
Who's most likely to become a body-builder in less than a year?
Who's most likely to star in a parody movie?
Who's most likely to starve themselves to break a Guinness World Record?
Who's most likely to survive on a lonely island?
Who's most likely to become a high school principal?
Who's most likely to host an SNL show?
Who's most likely to become a tour guide at the Colosseum?
Who's most likely to win the Noble Prize for literature?
Who's most likely to be a bush in a school play?
Who's most likely to name their kids "Boy" and "Girl"?
Who's most likely to go on vipassana?
Who's most likely to run for city mayor?
Who's most likely to film a documentary on sharks?
Who's most likely to build the next cool gadget?
Who's most likely to become a millionaire by launching a bestselling android game?
Who's most likely to work as an engineer at NASA?
Who's most likely to be the first kid in the neighborhood to travel around the world?
Who's most likely to win a rapid chess championships?
Who's most likely to live in a zoo?
Who's most likely to get lost at Disneyland?
Who's most likely to become President someday?
Who's most likely to cry in public?
Who's most likely to forget birthdays?
Who's most likely to get drunk?
Who's most likely to be sleepy?
Who's most likely to be inpatient?
Who's most likely to fall while walking?
Who's most likely to laugh at a funeral?
Who's most likely to fart in public?
Who's most likely to cry in a comedy movie?
Who's most likely to talk to animals?
Who's most likely to marry a celebrity?
Who's most likely to be the first one to die in a zombie apocalypse?
Who's most likely to be a drama queen?
Who's most likely to listen to classical music when working out?
Who's most likely to go skydiving?
Who's most likely to drop their phone right after they bought them?
Who's most likely to have the most piercings?
Who's most likely to give all their money to charity?
Who's most likely to worry about small things?